Our project is Java Breakout Ball Game, which is most commonly known as Bring Game on Super Bowl Big
Game, this is very old style retro game, not very high over Janelle's game.
But our main motto behind this project is to learn how we can create Java Swing, Java, AWP, US,
plus how we can incorporate some object oriented because game is mostly based on object oriented arts
or programming.
So our main more aim is to create some object oriented classes, object oriented programs here.
So this is our project.
So let us see what is our basic project aim to.
Creator Java program, which is very useful to create a ball game, which is basically American Ballgame,
I'm giving the name you can see is the big game also, but it can be game on.
So then steps of development is how we can set the ball project, then understanding different tools.
What is EWTN?
What are the team's parameters?
I'm going to use Java basic concepts.
I'm going to tell you.
Ninja OPB object oriented programming concepts, Java Swing and how we are going to deploy it as a final.
So if you know how we can create useful window any platform systems within the Java Lake in about about
$118 to provide a more of you, if you know that it's very basic to you and not very high over general
you guys.
But there are two categories in Java.
I mean, one is Java and fixed in the last week or Java.
Ethics is mostly built on scene builder, and it contains libraries and different things.
But Java Swing comes with Jodi getting that JDK 16 after even with Jane of JDK Java Swing Swing.
The completely incorporate within the JDK.
So no need to deploy Arnone to fill page on other resources from or external libraries, so it's very
useful.
Second thing, which is final development six part final deployment, so I'm going to look like.
So that's the basic thing I'm going to deploy on my machine only.
But if you know this, you can use Java and you've been creating that things.
Also, you can create files of Java files also later to find out those things.
And basically, I'm going to create a game.
I'm not going to create the lake front page how the game is like.
Look, so you can change the UI later also for that purpose.
So let us understand basic our application requirements in Java libraries I'm going to use in then JDK
Java, seeing how I'm going to design JDK and I'm going to use your Intel JDA as my main.
It because I'm using it, it's good brain surgery, and it's very useful.
You can use any and that you can use it clips also, and it means also that fine.
Let's see.
These are not application requirements.
It's some game requirements.
So in our game, oh, there are three components.
One is paddle.
So while I'm in components, remember these as accidental object variable, or you can see that side
of the object in our program when this battle paddle is basically the thing which is moving around,
whether that window one ball, which is going to hit to the bricks and bricks, which are going to break
and we are getting the points, then we use we are going to create a game cycle, which is the timer,
basically.
Remember, we never work with angles in these things.
We are simply change their tactics and we call mortally afraid.
Remember that or if you know the structure of gaming technology, you never work with NGOs, mostly
why we are not working with NGOs, because NGOs are defined like if I am specifying 45 degrees, it
will again call it 45 degrees, so there may be some bugs.
So what we can do, we can work with top bottom left, Rachel.
We can mention the direction of that one later.
So I will tell you while deploying or developing how we are going to develop these things.
So let us see how I'm going to create these things.
So if you know the team, how this is going to work, basically.
So this is the welcome page of engaging idea, which is my idea, which is I'm going to create oh,
then hit enter a new project here.
So wait for something it will deploy you a new project.
For you, and once this is done, you can take years, go to the job only no need to change anything,
go to job only for me, it's doing the different things you can do for speeding and anything but go
to Java.
No need to select any library.
Just select your project SDK, which is for me, 16s.
If you haven't downloaded any SDK or JDK, basically you can download and Judy Gear work with that.
Then who's next?
Then next, then let me give you a name.
So for me, I'm going to recount Ballgame.
So wait for some time to these responding so.
Rick Newman, can we go to break out?
On game like this and no need to speak to anything if we want to change modular and continued, you
can change after that finish.
So it will take time to create a basic template for you.
So wait for something you need to create big partitions and it will go with that part because it's the
higher version of it, so it will create all the default teams, which is required.
So wait for something.
So once this is done, you can check here.
It's currently deploying, so you can check it's currently running.
For me.
So now we are within IDP.
OK.
So in this ad, I will tell you how we are going to perform and how we are going to feature everything.
So.
So once this is done, go to this S.A.C. file or SLC folder, there is nothing is created basically
currently sort of sleazy, basically for the source.
So in the sole files.
We are going to deploy and we are going to create each classes each because illicitly.
So wait for some time, it's giving me the loading because it's scanning for me.
That's right.
Loading.
Once this is done, you can go with two approaches.
One is you can create.
What are you going to do?
You can create some, some package here.
Some fold, some folders.
You can see subdirectory.
Also, you can see and you can create glasses within the letter to that.
So currently, we require only three main methods like we can deploy over three minutes.
We didn't get that in many methods.
We are going to create different, different classes.
But by deploying this, you can remember you can always create three different packages.
So I'm not going with some packages concepts I'm giving or direct what you can see Glossier.
So we had for some time and we knew because my system is very high.
So according to your system, it will take time.
So once this is done, you can check this is now done for me.
So this is scanning and everything is done.
No one thing you have to do is just click right click on, I see.
Then click new.
Or go to new.
It will load for something.
And he hit Java Class, No first Java class we are going to work with.
It is basically gameplay.
Basically, we are going to create your gameplay.
So this is basic class we are going to create first.
Remember why I'm creating this class gameplay?
The gameplay is going to work like mean architecture behind any program gameplay which is going to perform
all the game functions.
The braking part of Bleek and everything is going to work here only.
So now it's going to create a gameplay function for me.
So realistically, whether it's clear to look, no, it's created gameplay from here, let me zoom.
So now you can.
What are you going to do?
You can close this part on some.
And let us check the gameplay functions, what I'm going to work with.
So first gameplay is basically it's going to extend to Japan and Japan, at least basically for Javadi
Japan and.
Implements.
No, which is a Basic Law class of Japan, and so as you can see, it's giving me the error.
So thing you need to import.
Some fights later, so we will import that files later because it's defaulting.
Elise Listener.
It is not a Java A.W. 18.
Oh, and what I'm going to need is basically external action listener.
So, action listener.
Which is I go to JWT.
And create one star and literary import, Java.
It's not swing.
Not.
Start.
So currently, this thing is not running for me.
Now inside this, we need to create different, different methods, so I will tell you what methods,
what methods we are going to work.
But let us.
I assume that we created a panel and everything, but to what is this Japan and means Japan list for
the creation of any window team in this so.
If you know, know the basic thing in this, it's very easy.
So let me close this and you this and we will create another thing here, Egypt, and the news is not
completely done here.
So I am going to delete two things Java N.W.T. on these things and later we will need.
These also include Java Not Util, which is basically for utilization of data utilities.
So for this included, let me create one private boolean.
Private Boolean play, which is always false at the start.
Falls at the start.
So let me mention as a false within the start, then one private India scored a score that is always
zero at the start.
So let me mention score at zero.
And let me tell you why I created these two functions and invites private.
So let us assume you're playing game, but at the start of your school, it is that singular honor.
Or else user can change the code if it's public user changing their code and they can cheat in the game
also.
So for that purpose and creating this, then I'm considering here my bricks sort of static kill as.
Don't tell.
Did we mention mentioned forty eight only I'm considering your my brick, so forty eight, then private
time would.
But I wish time would I can create this job by using private time, would.
Which is basically willing to function with time, and once I'm quoting, there's no need to use that
also.
OK.
Oh, I don't know why, but.
Let me import these, OK.
OK.
And now.
There is maybe some delay also, so let me mention a delay of some eight seconds here
to provide a delay then.
But I weighed in earlier Exposicion, I'm going to mention.
Blair Exposicion is this three from three 10?
So if you know these things so like X and y axis, you should remember that treating or otherwise you
can copy this then.
Private and moral position and me to mention foul ball, Ford's X-axis pollution is one community always,
always means white and the starting point then private and born both.
Y is equal to again 350m and that so coordinate things or pixel things you can remember.
And I need to mention expedite action.
Ball Détection, let me mention, XDR is minus one, addiction is minus one always and private single
malt or.
So who won right direction?
And it's minus two always so it will go upward, not downward, but.
And I will create one map generator, so I will later create that massive generator class and everything
but.
You're not return.
She's basically prior to the create chain of Mac.
So I will create my generator class later, but remember, I'm going to create this.
Now let us create one public gameplay here, which is basically constructed.
I'm going to use your.
And so this constructor.
So let me mention to pass the value.
Construction.
But the boss values.
So I'm using here constructor to parcel values.
So basically, if you know, Constructor is basically used for this and as it's public, I'm going to
create this.
OK.
So if you know I'm using my generator again, I haven't created any generator class, but I am using
this as this.
So for better looks, my map by default and I will create that part.
So that's it for this in the further part.
We will check how we are going to develop and deploy this, all these things.
Hope you're understand.
In the little part, we will check who we are going to create a generator and main classes, game related
basic commands.
So I started to this.
If you want to check out who I'm going to create my generator, you should look out first for my generator
partner.